Community starter dates and names — 10 October 2026

The user requested distinct dates for the fictional starter topics AND their
comments. Apply supabase/seeds/community-starter-dates-20261010.sql after the
original topic seed and either complete or variation reply seed.

This explicitly supersedes the earlier insertion-time-only/no-backdating rule
for these 15 editorial seed topics and their 135 seeded comments only. The
existing compact fictional-participant disclosure stays unchanged. These are
fixed editorial dates, not a claim that actual users posted on those dates.

Topic dates range from 12 September to 8 October 2026, in a shuffled order.
Comments advance in their original reply-number order, with uneven intervals
and multiple visible calendar days per topic. All planned dates are before
10 October 2026 in Europe/Istanbul. A guard prevents premature application.

Only exact topic IDs plus seed keys, and exact reply IDs plus seed keys plus
parent matches are eligible. Topic author and reply user must be null; both
must be published, and the topic must be public in the original category.
Any genuine, anonymized, moderated or mismatched reply stays untouched. Its
earliest timestamp caps the editorial timeline: the topic is moved to at
least three days before that reply if needed, and eligible seed comments end
at least one minute before it. This prevents a topic or seeded reply appearing
after a real response it precedes, without altering genuine activity.

The follow-up writes only created_at. It adds no rows and changes no content,
names, identity, status or counts. A rerun computes from fixed values and the
same protected rows, updating nothing when the data has not changed. Missing
or moderated seed rows retain their places in the complete ordinal weights;
an earlier protected date may shorten the whole editorial time window.

Validation: node --test tests/community-starter-dates.mjs
The PGlite suite executes the actual migrations and seed follow-up, checks
15 distinct topic dates, 135 ordered comment dates spanning multiple days,
future-date bounds, genuine/moderated/mismatched identity preservation and
exact idempotence. No client, schema or API date-format changes are needed.

The same request was extended to simplify the fictional usernames. Run
supabase/seeds/community-starter-names-20261010.sql after the original seeds.
It maps the 15 topic personas and 30 recurring comment personas to ordinary
first/surname-style handles such as dila.aydin, nil_aktas and borademir. Only
exact @old-handle references change inside prose; display names and references
stay consistent. All dates, counts, other text and protected records remain.
The mapping/helper objects are temporary and leave no schema changes behind.
Validation: node --test tests/community-starter-names.mjs (3 tests).

Production verification — 10 October 2026
Both follow-ups were applied to project mwlucroyjvtoxillvzga. The date update
reported 15 topics and 135 replies; a second run reported 0 and 0. Production
feed/detail reads confirmed all 15 topic dates differ and every discussion has
comments across 2–9 calendar days. All 45 persona names and exact @references
changed consistently, while counts and non-mention prose remained unchanged.
The genuine discussion and its three replies matched the pre-change snapshot.
No frontend or native package release is required for these data changes.
